Describe options of CDC-topic (#15306)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/concepts/cdc.md

You can add a changefeed to an existing table or erase it using the [ADD CHANGEFEED and DROP CHANGEFEED](../yql/reference/syntax/alter_table/changefeed.md) directives of the YQL `ALTER TABLE` statement. When erasing a table, the changefeed added to it is also deleted.

> ## Getting and updating topic settings {#topic-settings}

Reviewer: Стоит тут привести список настроек? Ну или ссылку добавить, где эти настройки описаны...

Author: Список настроек приведен чуть ниже со ссылкой.

> You can get the settings using an [SDK](../reference/ydb-sdk/topic.md#describe-topic) or the [{{ ydb-short-name }} CLI](../reference/ydb-cli/commands/scheme-describe.md) by passing the path to the changefeed in the arguments, which has the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get topic settings using an [SDK](../reference/ydb-sdk/topic.md#describe-topic) or the [{{ ydb-short-name }} CLI](../reference/ydb-cli/commands/scheme-describe.md) by passing the changefeed path in the arguments. A changefeed path has the following format:
```

```txt
path/to/table/changefeed_name
```

For example, if a table named `table` contains a changefeed named `updates_feed` in the `my` directory, its path looks as follows:

```text
my/table/updates_feed
```

> The topic settings can be updated using the expression [ALTER TOPIC](../yql/reference/syntax/alter-topic.md). Supported actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The topic settings can be updated using the [ALTER TOPIC](../yql/reference/syntax/alter-topic.md) expression. Supported actions:
```

* [updating settings](../yql/reference/syntax/alter-topic.md#updating-topic-settings):

>   * `retention_period`;
>   * `retention_storage_mb`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `retention_period`
  * `retention_storage_mb`
```

> * [updating consumers](../yql/reference/syntax/alter-topic.md#updating-a-set-of-consumers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [updating consumers](../yql/reference/syntax/alter-topic.md#updating-a-set-of-consumers)
```
